welcome guys in a new video of
miss macintosh
today we will see the free download of
metal slug collection pc collection ma
converted mac then mac collection
well this is a package that
includes all the metal slugs then from the
from the first to the aics plus the sixth all
in short, for those unfamiliar with metal
slug we open today wake because not
the website exists as far as I know
I am as if this collection includes
metal slug ii x3 456 except metal
slug 7xx but there are so many more there is the
art gallery from the sound gallery the options
game and interviews and then
well there is also the site that does not
However, I knew in Japanese in the meantime
here I always look at him then here he goes
all good Japanese and metal slug
for dinho a retro game was born or
every sixties type where we are
a character who must go to
carry out various missions and survive
against the army against the aliens e
so for example at 3 there are mutants and
so we must survive those
in 2 we are underwater and so on
I leave you the nice little choice of the day me
it seems therefore it is a very nice game and
they would simply be one names
machine are therefore converted for
computer mac
so this with regard to half
saga then you open the torrent in of
put a description April will be
always on dropbox and chile falls and you will have
this metal slug a dmg file from 1.7
gigabyte
which in reality will then turn into non
it has a lot to do with it because it's still light
then it will turn into this or into one
folder where inside have an image
let's go see January
here it is that tells us how the bee like
you will find idm giri anyway and then dmg
it was the torrent downloader that
you will always have these friendships for
as we have it and we compare
on corner we now have it and how it was
just as the image described it
so pretty, and ultimately make us
we listen to it in our folder
applications do not copy here is here and you do
what we will have said presses if you want then
you can also drag it
in the pac so as to have us together with the
other applications and then have it
as soon as you start it you will have to use one
phase then in this case ze shoot
hicks to jump seems to me anyway
their exit read intertwined
promote yourself so you can select i
Most favorite games is playing
directly from then this is one
slide
one of my favorite games
personally it's a short video too
procedure is short
so I thank you for seeing the
video and I greet you next time
boys